Introducing: ActiveJob, and support for other queue adapters (#18)
Betterment/journaled: README.md

#### `Journaled.job_priority` (default: 20)

>   This can be used to configure what `priority` the ActiveJobs are enqueued with. This will be applied to all the Journaled::DeliveryJobs that are created by this application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This can be used to configure what `priority` the ActiveJobs are enqueued with. This will be applied to all the `Journaled::DeliveryJob`s that are created by this application.
```
